comment: A larger example
push(ACK): successful
push(ACY): successful
push(AEX): successful
push(AKR): successful
push(ALB): successful
push(AMA): successful
push(ART): successful
push(ATL): successful
size: 8
list: ATL ART AMA ALB AKR AEX ACY ACK
peek: ATL
pop: ATL
size: 7
list: ART AMA ALB AKR AEX ACY ACK
peek: ART
push(AUG): successful
push(AUS): successful
push(BCT): successful
push(BFI): successful
push(BFM): successful
push(BGR): successful
push(BHM): successful
push(BLI): successful
push(BNA): successful
push(BOI): successful
push(BOS): successful
push(BRO): successful
push(BTR): successful
push(BUF): successful
push(BUR): successful
push(BWI): successful
push(CBM): successful
push(CHA): successful
push(CHS): successful
push(CIC): successful
size: 27
list: CIC CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF BTR BRO BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG
      ART AMA ALB AKR AEX ACY ACK
peek: CIC
pop: CIC
size: 26
list: CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF BTR BRO BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG ART
      AMA ALB AKR AEX ACY ACK
peek: CHS
push(CLE): successful
push(CLL): successful
push(CLT): successful
push(CMH): successful
push(CNM): successful
push(CNW): successful
push(COS): successful
push(CPR): successful
push(CRP): successful
push(CVG): successful
push(CYS): successful
push(DAL): successful
push(DAY): successful
push(DCA): successful
push(DEN): successful
push(DET): successful
push(DFW): successful
push(DLF): successful
size: 44
list: DLF DFW DET DEN DCA DAY DAL CYS CVG CRP CPR COS CNW CNM CMH CLT CLL CLE CHS CHA
      CBM BWI BUR BUF BTR BRO BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG ART AMA ALB
      AKR AEX ACY ACK
peek: DLF
pop: DLF
size: 43
list: DFW DET DEN DCA DAY DAL CYS CVG CRP CPR COS CNW CNM CMH CLT CLL CLE CHS CHA CBM
      BWI BUR BUF BTR BRO BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG ART AMA ALB AKR
      AEX ACY ACK
peek: DFW
push(DLH): successful
push(DMA): successful
push(DPA): successful
push(DRT): successful
push(DSM): successful
push(DTW): successful
push(DUG): successful
push(DYS): successful
push(EDW): successful
push(EFD): successful
push(ELP): successful
push(EWR): successful
push(EYW): successful
push(FAT): successful
push(FFO): successful
push(FLL): successful
push(FMY): successful
push(FOE): successful
push(FTW): successful
push(FXE): successful
push(FYV): successful
push(GEG): successful
push(GLS): successful
push(GRB): successful
push(GRR): successful
push(GSB): successful
push(GTF): successful
push(GVT): successful
push(GVW): successful
push(GWO): successful
push(HFD): successful
push(HMN): successful
push(HOU): successful
push(HPN): successful
push(HRO): successful
push(HUF): successful
size: 79
list: HUF HRO HPN HOU HMN HFD GWO GVW GVT GTF GSB GRR GRB GLS GEG FYV FXE FTW FOE FMY
      FLL FFO FAT EYW EWR ELP EFD EDW DYS DUG DTW DSM DRT DPA DMA DLH DFW DET DEN DCA
      DAY DAL CYS CVG CRP CPR COS CNW CNM CMH CLT CLL CLE CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF BTR
      BRO BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG ART AMA ALB AKR AEX ACY ACK
peek: HUF
pop: HUF
size: 78
list: HRO HPN HOU HMN HFD GWO GVW GVT GTF GSB GRR GRB GLS GEG FYV FXE FTW FOE FMY FLL
      FFO FAT EYW EWR ELP EFD EDW DYS DUG DTW DSM DRT DPA DMA DLH DFW DET DEN DCA DAY
      DAL CYS CVG CRP CPR COS CNW CNM CMH CLT CLL CLE CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF BTR BRO
      BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG ART AMA ALB AKR AEX ACY ACK
peek: HRO
push(HWO): successful
push(IAB): successful
push(IAD): successful
push(IAG): successful
push(IAH): successful
push(IKK): successful
push(ABQ): successful
push(ILM): successful
push(IND): successful
push(INT): successful
push(ISP): successful
push(JAN): successful
push(JAX): successful
push(JBR): successful
push(JFK): successful
push(LAS): successful
push(LAX): successful
push(LBB): successful
push(LCK): successful
push(LGA): successful
push(LGB): successful
size: 99
list: LGB LGA LCK LBB LAX LAS JFK JBR JAX JAN ISP INT IND ILM ABQ IKK IAH IAG IAD IAB
      HWO HRO HPN HOU HMN HFD GWO GVW GVT GTF GSB GRR GRB GLS GEG FYV FXE FTW FOE FMY
      FLL FFO FAT EYW EWR ELP EFD EDW DYS DUG DTW DSM DRT DPA DMA DLH DFW DET DEN DCA
      DAY DAL CYS CVG CRP CPR COS CNW CNM CMH CLT CLL CLE CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF BTR
      BRO BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG ART AMA ALB AKR AEX ACY ACK
peek: LGB
pop: LGB
size: 98
list: LGA LCK LBB LAX LAS JFK JBR JAX JAN ISP INT IND ILM ABQ IKK IAH IAG IAD IAB HWO
      HRO HPN HOU HMN HFD GWO GVW GVT GTF GSB GRR GRB GLS GEG FYV FXE FTW FOE FMY FLL
      FFO FAT EYW EWR ELP EFD EDW DYS DUG DTW DSM DRT DPA DMA DLH DFW DET DEN DCA DAY
      DAL CYS CVG CRP CPR COS CNW CNM CMH CLT CLL CLE CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF BTR BRO
      BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG ART AMA ALB AKR AEX ACY ACK
peek: LGA
push(LIT): successful
push(LNA): successful
push(LNK): successful
push(LOU): successful
push(LRD): successful
push(LRF): successful
push(LSV): successful
push(LUF): successful
push(LUK): successful
push(MAF): successful
push(MCC): successful
push(MCF): successful
push(MCI): successful
push(MCO): successful
push(MDT): successful
push(MDW): successful
push(MEM): successful
push(MHR): successful
push(MIA): successful
push(MKE): successful
push(MKO): successful
push(MNM): successful
push(MOD): successful
push(MOT): successful
push(MPV): successful
push(MQT): successful
push(MSP): successful
push(MSS): successful
push(MSY): successful
push(MXF): successful
size: 128
list: MXF MSY MSS MSP MQT MPV MOT MOD MNM MKO MKE MIA MHR MEM MDW MDT MCO MCI MCF MCC
      MAF LUK LUF LSV LRF LRD LOU LNK LNA LIT LGA LCK LBB LAX LAS JFK JBR JAX JAN ISP
      INT IND ILM ABQ IKK IAH IAG IAD IAB HWO HRO HPN HOU HMN HFD GWO GVW GVT GTF GSB
      GRR GRB GLS GEG FYV FXE FTW FOE FMY FLL FFO FAT EYW EWR ELP EFD EDW DYS DUG DTW
      DSM DRT DPA DMA DLH DFW DET DEN DCA DAY DAL CYS CVG CRP CPR COS CNW CNM CMH CLT
      CLL CLE CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF BTR BRO BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS
      AUG ART AMA ALB AKR AEX ACY ACK
peek: MXF
pop: MXF
size: 127
list: MSY MSS MSP MQT MPV MOT MOD MNM MKO MKE MIA MHR MEM MDW MDT MCO MCI MCF MCC MAF
      LUK LUF LSV LRF LRD LOU LNK LNA LIT LGA LCK LBB LAX LAS JFK JBR JAX JAN ISP INT
      IND ILM ABQ IKK IAH IAG IAD IAB HWO HRO HPN HOU HMN HFD GWO GVW GVT GTF GSB GRR
      GRB GLS GEG FYV FXE FTW FOE FMY FLL FFO FAT EYW EWR ELP EFD EDW DYS DUG DTW DSM
      DRT DPA DMA DLH DFW DET DEN DCA DAY DAL CYS CVG CRP CPR COS CNW CNM CMH CLT CLL
      CLE CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF BTR BRO BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG
      ART AMA ALB AKR AEX ACY ACK
peek: MSY
push(MYR): successful
push(NBG): successful
push(NCA): successful
push(NEL): successful
push(NGU): successful
push(NHK): successful
push(NIP): successful
push(NOW): successful
push(NPA): successful
push(NQX): successful
push(NSE): successful
push(NZC): successful
push(NZY): successful
push(OAK): successful
push(OFF): successful
push(OKC): successful
push(OMA): successful
push(ONT): successful
push(OPF): successful
push(ORD): successful
push(ORF): successful
push(ORL): successful
push(PAM): successful
push(PBI): successful
push(PDX): successful
push(PHF): successful
push(PHL): successful
push(PHX): successful
push(PIE): successful
push(PIT): successful
size: 157
list: PIT PIE PHX PHL PHF PDX PBI PAM ORL ORF ORD OPF ONT OMA OKC OFF OAK NZY NZC NSE
      NQX NPA NOW NIP NHK NGU NEL NCA NBG MYR MSY MSS MSP MQT MPV MOT MOD MNM MKO MKE
      MIA MHR MEM MDW MDT MCO MCI MCF MCC MAF LUK LUF LSV LRF LRD LOU LNK LNA LIT LGA
      LCK LBB LAX LAS JFK JBR JAX JAN ISP INT IND ILM ABQ IKK IAH IAG IAD IAB HWO HRO
      HPN HOU HMN HFD GWO GVW GVT GTF GSB GRR GRB GLS GEG FYV FXE FTW FOE FMY FLL FFO
      FAT EYW EWR ELP EFD EDW DYS DUG DTW DSM DRT DPA DMA DLH DFW DET DEN DCA DAY DAL
      CYS CVG CRP CPR COS CNW CNM CMH CLT CLL CLE CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF BTR BRO BOS
      BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG ART AMA ALB AKR AEX ACY ACK
peek: PIT
pop: PIT
size: 156
list: PIE PHX PHL PHF PDX PBI PAM ORL ORF ORD OPF ONT OMA OKC OFF OAK NZY NZC NSE NQX
      NPA NOW NIP NHK NGU NEL NCA NBG MYR MSY MSS MSP MQT MPV MOT MOD MNM MKO MKE MIA
      MHR MEM MDW MDT MCO MCI MCF MCC MAF LUK LUF LSV LRF LRD LOU LNK LNA LIT LGA LCK
      LBB LAX LAS JFK JBR JAX JAN ISP INT IND ILM ABQ IKK IAH IAG IAD IAB HWO HRO HPN
      HOU HMN HFD GWO GVW GVT GTF GSB GRR GRB GLS GEG FYV FXE FTW FOE FMY FLL FFO FAT
      EYW EWR ELP EFD EDW DYS DUG DTW DSM DRT DPA DMA DLH DFW DET DEN DCA DAY DAL CYS
      CVG CRP CPR COS CNW CNM CMH CLT CLL CLE CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF BTR BRO BOS BOI
      BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG ART AMA ALB AKR AEX ACY ACK
peek: PIE
push(PNE): successful
push(PNM): successful
push(POB): successful
push(PSP): successful
push(PSX): successful
push(RDR): successful
push(RDU): successful
push(RIC): successful
push(RME): successful
push(RND): successful
push(RNO): successful
push(ROC): successful
push(ROW): successful
push(SAC): successful
push(SAF): successful
push(SAN): successful
push(SAT): successful
push(SAV): successful
push(SEA): successful
push(SFF): successful
push(SFO): successful
push(SJC): successful
push(SKA): successful
push(SKF): successful
push(SLC): successful
push(SMF): successful
push(SPG): successful
push(SPS): successful
push(STL): successful
push(SUX): successful
push(TIK): successful
push(TPA): successful
push(TUL): successful
push(TUS): successful
push(TYS): successful
push(WRB): successful
size: 192
list: WRB TYS TUS TUL TPA TIK SUX STL SPS SPG SMF SLC SKF SKA SJC SFO SFF SEA SAV SAT
      SAN SAF SAC ROW ROC RNO RND RME RIC RDU RDR PSX PSP POB PNM PNE PIE PHX PHL PHF
      PDX PBI PAM ORL ORF ORD OPF ONT OMA OKC OFF OAK NZY NZC NSE NQX NPA NOW NIP NHK
      NGU NEL NCA NBG MYR MSY MSS MSP MQT MPV MOT MOD MNM MKO MKE MIA MHR MEM MDW MDT
      MCO MCI MCF MCC MAF LUK LUF LSV LRF LRD LOU LNK LNA LIT LGA LCK LBB LAX LAS JFK
      JBR JAX JAN ISP INT IND ILM ABQ IKK IAH IAG IAD IAB HWO HRO HPN HOU HMN HFD GWO
      GVW GVT GTF GSB GRR GRB GLS GEG FYV FXE FTW FOE FMY FLL FFO FAT EYW EWR ELP EFD
      EDW DYS DUG DTW DSM DRT DPA DMA DLH DFW DET DEN DCA DAY DAL CYS CVG CRP CPR COS
      CNW CNM CMH CLT CLL CLE CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF BTR BRO BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR
      BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG ART AMA ALB AKR AEX ACY ACK
peek: WRB
pop: WRB
size: 191
list: TYS TUS TUL TPA TIK SUX STL SPS SPG SMF SLC SKF SKA SJC SFO SFF SEA SAV SAT SAN
      SAF SAC ROW ROC RNO RND RME RIC RDU RDR PSX PSP POB PNM PNE PIE PHX PHL PHF PDX
      PBI PAM ORL ORF ORD OPF ONT OMA OKC OFF OAK NZY NZC NSE NQX NPA NOW NIP NHK NGU
      NEL NCA NBG MYR MSY MSS MSP MQT MPV MOT MOD MNM MKO MKE MIA MHR MEM MDW MDT MCO
      MCI MCF MCC MAF LUK LUF LSV LRF LRD LOU LNK LNA LIT LGA LCK LBB LAX LAS JFK JBR
      JAX JAN ISP INT IND ILM ABQ IKK IAH IAG IAD IAB HWO HRO HPN HOU HMN HFD GWO GVW
      GVT GTF GSB GRR GRB GLS GEG FYV FXE FTW FOE FMY FLL FFO FAT EYW EWR ELP EFD EDW
      DYS DUG DTW DSM DRT DPA DMA DLH DFW DET DEN DCA DAY DAL CYS CVG CRP CPR COS CNW
      CNM CMH CLT CLL CLE CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF BTR BRO BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM
      BFI BCT AUS AUG ART AMA ALB AKR AEX ACY ACK
peek: TYS
push(YAL): successful
push(YAM): successful
push(YAV): successful
push(YAW): successful
push(YAY): successful
push(YAZ): successful
push(YBB): successful
push(YBC): successful
push(YBG): successful
push(YBK): successful
push(YBL): successful
push(YBR): successful
push(YBT): successful
push(YRF): successful
push(YCB): successful
push(YCD): successful
push(YCG): successful
push(YCH): successful
push(YCL): successful
push(YCO): successful
push(YCS): successful
push(YCT): successful
push(YCV): successful
push(YCW): successful
push(YCY): successful
push(YZS): successful
push(YDA): successful
push(YDB): successful
push(YDC): successful
push(YDF): successful
push(YDL): successful
push(YDN): successful
push(YDQ): successful
push(YED): successful
push(YEG): successful
push(YEK): successful
push(YEN): successful
push(YET): successful
push(YEU): successful
push(YEV): successful
push(YFB): successful
push(YFC): successful
push(YFO): successful
push(YFR): successful
push(YGK): successful
push(YGL): successful
push(YGP): successful
push(YGQ): successful
push(YGR): successful
push(YGT): successful
push(YGW): successful
push(YGX): successful
push(YGZ): successful
push(YHB): successful
push(YHD): successful
push(YHI): successful
push(YHK): successful
push(YHM): successful
push(YHO): successful
push(YHU): successful
push(YHY): successful
push(YHZ): successful
push(YIB): successful
push(YIO): successful
push(YIV): successful
push(YJN): successful
push(YJT): successful
push(YKA): successful
push(YKF): successful
list: YKF YKA YJT YJN YIV YIO YIB YHZ YHY YHU YHO YHM YHK YHI YHD YHB YGZ YGX YGW YGT
      YGR YGQ YGP YGL YGK YFR YFO YFC YFB YEV YEU YET YEN YEK YEG YED YDQ YDN YDL YDF
      YDC YDB YDA YZS YCY YCW YCV YCT YCS YCO YCL YCH YCG YCD YCB YRF YBT YBR YBL YBK
      YBG YBC YBB YAZ YAY YAW YAV YAM YAL TYS TUS TUL TPA TIK SUX STL SPS SPG SMF SLC
      SKF SKA SJC SFO SFF SEA SAV SAT SAN SAF SAC ROW ROC RNO RND RME RIC RDU RDR PSX
      PSP POB PNM PNE PIE PHX PHL PHF PDX PBI PAM ORL ORF ORD OPF ONT OMA OKC OFF OAK
      NZY NZC NSE NQX NPA NOW NIP NHK NGU NEL NCA NBG MYR MSY MSS MSP MQT MPV MOT MOD
      MNM MKO MKE MIA MHR MEM MDW MDT MCO MCI MCF MCC MAF LUK LUF LSV LRF LRD LOU LNK
      LNA LIT LGA LCK LBB LAX LAS JFK JBR JAX JAN ISP INT IND ILM ABQ IKK IAH IAG IAD
      IAB HWO HRO HPN HOU HMN HFD GWO GVW GVT GTF GSB GRR GRB GLS GEG FYV FXE FTW FOE
      FMY FLL FFO FAT EYW EWR ELP EFD EDW DYS DUG DTW DSM DRT DPA DMA DLH DFW DET DEN
      DCA DAY DAL CYS CVG CRP CPR COS CNW CNM CMH CLT CLL CLE CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF
      BTR BRO BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG ART AMA ALB AKR AEX ACY ACK
size: 260
peek: YKF
demote(ACK): successful
demote(ACY): successful
demote(AEX): successful
demote(AEX): successful
list: YKF YKA YJT YJN YIV YIO YIB YHZ YHY YHU YHO YHM YHK YHI YHD YHB YGZ YGX YGW YGT
      YGR YGQ YGP YGL YGK YFR YFO YFC YFB YEV YEU YET YEN YEK YEG YED YDQ YDN YDL YDF
      YDC YDB YDA YZS YCY YCW YCV YCT YCS YCO YCL YCH YCG YCD YCB YRF YBT YBR YBL YBK
      YBG YBC YBB YAZ YAY YAW YAV YAM YAL TYS TUS TUL TPA TIK SUX STL SPS SPG SMF SLC
      SKF SKA SJC SFO SFF SEA SAV SAT SAN SAF SAC ROW ROC RNO RND RME RIC RDU RDR PSX
      PSP POB PNM PNE PIE PHX PHL PHF PDX PBI PAM ORL ORF ORD OPF ONT OMA OKC OFF OAK
      NZY NZC NSE NQX NPA NOW NIP NHK NGU NEL NCA NBG MYR MSY MSS MSP MQT MPV MOT MOD
      MNM MKO MKE MIA MHR MEM MDW MDT MCO MCI MCF MCC MAF LUK LUF LSV LRF LRD LOU LNK
      LNA LIT LGA LCK LBB LAX LAS JFK JBR JAX JAN ISP INT IND ILM ABQ IKK IAH IAG IAD
      IAB HWO HRO HPN HOU HMN HFD GWO GVW GVT GTF GSB GRR GRB GLS GEG FYV FXE FTW FOE
      FMY FLL FFO FAT EYW EWR ELP EFD EDW DYS DUG DTW DSM DRT DPA DMA DLH DFW DET DEN
      DCA DAY DAL CYS CVG CRP CPR COS CNW CNM CMH CLT CLL CLE CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF
      BTR BRO BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG ART AMA ALB AKR ACK ACY AEX
promote(NZY): successful
demote(OFF): successful
demote(OFF): successful
list: YKF YKA YJT YJN YIV YIO YIB YHZ YHY YHU YHO YHM YHK YHI YHD YHB YGZ YGX YGW YGT
      YGR YGQ YGP YGL YGK YFR YFO YFC YFB YEV YEU YET YEN YEK YEG YED YDQ YDN YDL YDF
      YDC YDB YDA YZS YCY YCW YCV YCT YCS YCO YCL YCH YCG YCD YCB YRF YBT YBR YBL YBK
      YBG YBC YBB YAZ YAY YAW YAV YAM YAL TYS TUS TUL TPA TIK SUX STL SPS SPG SMF SLC
      SKF SKA SJC SFO SFF SEA SAV SAT SAN SAF SAC ROW ROC RNO RND RME RIC RDU RDR PSX
      PSP POB PNM PNE PIE PHX PHL PHF PDX PBI PAM ORL ORF ORD OPF ONT OMA OKC NZY OAK
      OFF NZC NSE NQX NPA NOW NIP NHK NGU NEL NCA NBG MYR MSY MSS MSP MQT MPV MOT MOD
      MNM MKO MKE MIA MHR MEM MDW MDT MCO MCI MCF MCC MAF LUK LUF LSV LRF LRD LOU LNK
      LNA LIT LGA LCK LBB LAX LAS JFK JBR JAX JAN ISP INT IND ILM ABQ IKK IAH IAG IAD
      IAB HWO HRO HPN HOU HMN HFD GWO GVW GVT GTF GSB GRR GRB GLS GEG FYV FXE FTW FOE
      FMY FLL FFO FAT EYW EWR ELP EFD EDW DYS DUG DTW DSM DRT DPA DMA DLH DFW DET DEN
      DCA DAY DAL CYS CVG CRP CPR COS CNW CNM CMH CLT CLL CLE CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF
      BTR BRO BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG ART AMA ALB AKR ACK ACY AEX
demote(YKF): successful
demote(YKF): successful
promote(YJT): successful
list: YJT YKA YKF YJN YIV YIO YIB YHZ YHY YHU YHO YHM YHK YHI YHD YHB YGZ YGX YGW YGT
      YGR YGQ YGP YGL YGK YFR YFO YFC YFB YEV YEU YET YEN YEK YEG YED YDQ YDN YDL YDF
      YDC YDB YDA YZS YCY YCW YCV YCT YCS YCO YCL YCH YCG YCD YCB YRF YBT YBR YBL YBK
      YBG YBC YBB YAZ YAY YAW YAV YAM YAL TYS TUS TUL TPA TIK SUX STL SPS SPG SMF SLC
      SKF SKA SJC SFO SFF SEA SAV SAT SAN SAF SAC ROW ROC RNO RND RME RIC RDU RDR PSX
      PSP POB PNM PNE PIE PHX PHL PHF PDX PBI PAM ORL ORF ORD OPF ONT OMA OKC NZY OAK
      OFF NZC NSE NQX NPA NOW NIP NHK NGU NEL NCA NBG MYR MSY MSS MSP MQT MPV MOT MOD
      MNM MKO MKE MIA MHR MEM MDW MDT MCO MCI MCF MCC MAF LUK LUF LSV LRF LRD LOU LNK
      LNA LIT LGA LCK LBB LAX LAS JFK JBR JAX JAN ISP INT IND ILM ABQ IKK IAH IAG IAD
      IAB HWO HRO HPN HOU HMN HFD GWO GVW GVT GTF GSB GRR GRB GLS GEG FYV FXE FTW FOE
      FMY FLL FFO FAT EYW EWR ELP EFD EDW DYS DUG DTW DSM DRT DPA DMA DLH DFW DET DEN
      DCA DAY DAL CYS CVG CRP CPR COS CNW CNM CMH CLT CLL CLE CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF
      BTR BRO BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG ART AMA ALB AKR ACK ACY AEX
peek: YJT
depth(YJT): 0
depth(YBG): 60
depth(OFF): 120
depth(IAB): 180
depth(BTR): 240
depth(AEX): 259
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
demote(YJT): successful
list: YKA YKF YJN YIV YIO YIB YHZ YHY YHU YHO YHM YHK YHI YHD YHB YGZ YGX YGW YGT YGR
      YGQ YGP YGL YGK YFR YFO YFC YFB YEV YEU YET YEN YEK YEG YED YDQ YDN YDL YDF YDC
      YDB YDA YZS YCY YCW YCV YCT YCS YCO YCL YCH YCG YCD YCB YRF YBT YBR YBL YBK YBG
      YBC YBB YAZ YAY YAW YAV YAM YAL TYS TUS TUL TPA TIK SUX STL SPS SPG SMF SLC SKF
      SKA SJC SFO SFF SEA SAV SAT SAN SAF SAC ROW ROC RNO RND RME RIC RDU RDR PSX PSP
      YJT POB PNM PNE PIE PHX PHL PHF PDX PBI PAM ORL ORF ORD OPF ONT OMA OKC NZY OAK
      OFF NZC NSE NQX NPA NOW NIP NHK NGU NEL NCA NBG MYR MSY MSS MSP MQT MPV MOT MOD
      MNM MKO MKE MIA MHR MEM MDW MDT MCO MCI MCF MCC MAF LUK LUF LSV LRF LRD LOU LNK
      LNA LIT LGA LCK LBB LAX LAS JFK JBR JAX JAN ISP INT IND ILM ABQ IKK IAH IAG IAD
      IAB HWO HRO HPN HOU HMN HFD GWO GVW GVT GTF GSB GRR GRB GLS GEG FYV FXE FTW FOE
      FMY FLL FFO FAT EYW EWR ELP EFD EDW DYS DUG DTW DSM DRT DPA DMA DLH DFW DET DEN
      DCA DAY DAL CYS CVG CRP CPR COS CNW CNM CMH CLT CLL CLE CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR BUF
      BTR BRO BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG ART AMA ALB AKR ACK ACY AEX
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
promote(AEX): successful
list: YKA YKF YJN YIV YIO YIB YHZ YHY YHU YHO YHM YHK YHI YHD YHB YGZ YGX YGW YGT YGR
      YGQ YGP YGL YGK YFR YFO YFC YFB YEV YEU YET YEN YEK YEG YED YDQ YDN YDL YDF YDC
      YDB YDA YZS YCY YCW YCV YCT YCS YCO YCL YCH YCG YCD YCB YRF YBT YBR YBL YBK YBG
      YBC YBB YAZ YAY YAW YAV YAM YAL TYS TUS TUL TPA TIK SUX STL SPS SPG SMF SLC SKF
      SKA SJC SFO SFF SEA SAV SAT SAN SAF SAC ROW ROC RNO RND RME RIC RDU RDR PSX PSP
      AEX YJT POB PNM PNE PIE PHX PHL PHF PDX PBI PAM ORL ORF ORD OPF ONT OMA OKC NZY
      OAK OFF NZC NSE NQX NPA NOW NIP NHK NGU NEL NCA NBG MYR MSY MSS MSP MQT MPV MOT
      MOD MNM MKO MKE MIA MHR MEM MDW MDT MCO MCI MCF MCC MAF LUK LUF LSV LRF LRD LOU
      LNK LNA LIT LGA LCK LBB LAX LAS JFK JBR JAX JAN ISP INT IND ILM ABQ IKK IAH IAG
      IAD IAB HWO HRO HPN HOU HMN HFD GWO GVW GVT GTF GSB GRR GRB GLS GEG FYV FXE FTW
      FOE FMY FLL FFO FAT EYW EWR ELP EFD EDW DYS DUG DTW DSM DRT DPA DMA DLH DFW DET
      DEN DCA DAY DAL CYS CVG CRP CPR COS CNW CNM CMH CLT CLL CLE CHS CHA CBM BWI BUR
      BUF BTR BRO BOS BOI BNA BLI BHM BGR BFM BFI BCT AUS AUG ART AMA ALB AKR ACK ACY
depth(YJT): 101
depth(AEX): 100
